---
layout: westlaw/app/newsroom/documents/document_01
title: "Market Grows in Confidence"
permalink: /westlaw/newsroom/document-01/
---

<!--- The following is copied directly from the DOM -->

<div id="docContent" class="docContent"><div class="sharedInfo"><div class="paragraphTitle">Market grows in confidence</div><div class="wrapper"><div class="leftMetadata strong">Source: </div><div class="rightMetadata">Noosa News (Australia)</div></div><div class="wrapper"><div class="leftMetadata strong">Publication Date: </div><div class="rightMetadata">April 17, 2015</div></div><div class="wrapper"><div class="leftMetadata strong">Country: </div><div class="rightMetadata">Australia</div></div><div class="wrapper"><div class="leftMetadata strong">Source Type: </div><div class="rightMetadata">Newspaper</div></div></div><div class="newsContent"><div id="wrapperContentNewsroom"><div id="citations">2015 WLNR 107872694/17/15 NOSANEWSAU (No Page)4/17/15 Noosa News (Austl.) (Pg. Unavail. Online)</div><div class="center sub" id="source"><div class="citation"></div>Copyright (c) 2015 Australian Provincial Newspapers<div class="citation"></div><div class="citation"></div></div><div class="citation" id="dochead"></div><div class="spacing"><div class="paragraph indent"><div class="indent"><p class="paragraph">Fri Apr 17 00:00:00 2015</p></div><div class="indent"><p class="paragraph">A STRING of multi-million-dollar sales in Noosa during the first three months of the year are heralding a strong and confident market ahead.</p><p class="paragraph">Tom Offermann, of Tom Offermann Real Estate, said his company had sold six waterfront houses on Noosa Sound for an average price of $3.8 million.</p></div><div class="indent"><p class="paragraph">This has included a record price of $4.9 million for a magnificent waterfront house on a single block at Noosa Waters.</p><p class="paragraph">"High-end beachfront apartment sales in Hastings St have been a barometer of the Noosa prestige market and there is no doubt that confidence is growing," Mr Offermann said.</p><p class="paragraph">"We just sold a three-bedroom apartment for $7,200,000, one of the best on the strip, and the highest price paid since 2008.</p><p class="paragraph">"Late last year there were several other three-bedroom beachfront sales over $5 million and a one-bedroom in Tingirana Resort has just sold for over $3 million.</p><p class="paragraph">"We sold a two-bedroom unit in the well-known Netanya Resort for a healthy $3,650,000."</p><p class="paragraph">Over the hill at Sunrise Beach, sales have included a beachfront house for close to $6million and a couple of houses in adjoining Sunshine Beach for $4.3 million and $4.9 million.</p><p class="paragraph">"While these prices make it sound like all of Noosa is expensive, it's not," Mr Offermann said.</p><p class="paragraph">"There are actually a lot of very well-priced and affordable properties available.</p><p class="paragraph">"For example, there is a quality furnished unit in the middle of Hastings St for only $475,000, and within a couple of kilometres are numerous two-bedroom units under $300,000."</p><p class="paragraph">Predictions for the Noosa property market?</p><p class="paragraph">Mr Offermann said it was a fair expectation that Noosa values were set on a path of solid growth for the foreseeable future.</p><p class="paragraph">"Its popularity as a tourist destination is growing, along with its desirability for full or part-time living, and there is almost nothing left to be developed so there simply has to be upward pressure on values," he said.</p><p class="paragraph">Fiona Winter, of Fiona Winter Realty, said the Easter break had been a bit hit and miss in recent years, with activity either in town or in the hinterland.</p><p class="paragraph">"This year we had one of the busiest weeks starting in the first week of Easter right through to now, eight contracts eight days, with buyers from Melbourne and locally," she said.</p><p class="paragraph">"There were also Sydney buyers looking around, commenting on the value in our market.</p><p class="paragraph">"Contract values have been in all ranges and mostly in the hinterland.</p><p class="paragraph">"Some very good affordable luxury homes are coming on the market in the hinterland so I am looking forward to a very busy few months ahead."</p><p class="paragraph">Realtalk</p><p class="paragraph">With Erle Levey</p></div></div></div><div id="index"><div class="center">---- INDEX REFERENCES ----</div><div><p><strong>INDUSTRY:&nbsp;</strong>Housing; (1HO38); Real Estate; (1RE57); Rental Real Estate; (1RE07); Residential Real Estate; (1RE67); Resorts; (1RE44); Travel &amp; Tourism; (1TR07)</p><p><strong>LANGUAGE:&nbsp;</strong>English</p><p><strong>OTHER INDEXING:&nbsp;</strong> (Fiona Winter; Tom Offermann)</p></div></div><div id="edition"></div><div id="wordCount"><strong>WORD COUNT: </strong>457</div></div></div></div>